CONN-4232: Added docs code for Cyberark Audit C2C source (#5104)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/cloud-to-cloud-integration-framework/cyberark-audit-source.md

1. **Identity ID**. Enter your identity ID collected from the [Vendor configuration](#vendor-configuration) section. For example, `abr4338`.
1. **Web Application ID**. Enter your application ID collected from the [Vendor configuration](#vendor-configuration) section. For example, `sumologic`.
1. **Username**. Enter your username(client-id) collected from the [Vendor configuration](#vendor-configuration) section. For example, `c2c@cyberark.cloud.30488`.
1. **Password**. Enter your password(client-secret) collected from the [Vendor configuration](#vendor-configuration) section.
1. **Tenant URL**. Enter your tenant URL collected from the [Vendor configuration](#vendor-configuration) section. For example, `https://sumologic.audit.cyberark.cloud`.
1. **API Key**. Enter your API key collected from the [Vendor configuration](#vendor-configuration) section.
1. (Optional) **Service Type**. Enter the service types to filter the audits.
1. (Optional) **Status Type**. Enter the status types to filter the audits.
1. (Optional) **Action Type**. Enter the action types to filter the audits.

> 1. **Polling Interval**. The polling interval is the frequency at which the CyberArk Audit C2C source will check for updates from the CyberArk Audit API. Bydefault, the polling interval is set to 5 minutes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Polling Interval**. The polling interval is the frequency at which the CyberArk Audit C2C source will check for updates from the CyberArk Audit API. By default, the polling interval is set to 5 minutes.
```
